Proper security statements in README (#59)
francoismichel/ssh3: README.md

<i>SSH3 (top) VS SSHv2 (bottom) session establishement with a 100ms ping towards the server.</i>
</p>

> ## ⚡ SSH3 is an experimental prototype

Reviewer: I would change the lightning emoji to: 🧪 and rephrase like this if you're okay:

> ## 🧪 SSH3 is still experimental

While SSH3 shows promise for faster session establishment, it is 
still at an early proof-of-concept stage. As with any new complex 
protocol, **expert cryptographic review over an extended timeframe is required before reasonable security conclusions can be made**.

We are developing SSH3 as an open source project to facilitate community feedback and analysis. However, we **cannot yet endorse its appropriateness for production systems** without further peer review. Please collaborate with us if you have relevant expertise!

> ## 🥷 Your SSH3 server should not yet be made public

Reviewer: what about ?

> ## 🥷 Do not deploy the SSH3 server on your production servers for now

It is a suggestion, it is okay if you want to refine it, let's iterate.

> Given the current prototype state, we advise **testing SSH3 only on private networks**. Making experimental servers directly Internet-accessible could introduce risk before thorough security vetting.

Reviewer: What about rephrasing like this ?

> Given the current prototype state, we advise **testing SSH3 in sandboxed environments or private networks**. Be aware that making experimental servers directly Internet-accessible could introduce risk before thorough security vetting.

I want users to be aware of the risks of deploying public instances for sure and there may exist unknown issues with the current implem. However, I think it might be quite acceptable to deploy it on test/sandbox instances, using secret link if needed. It may be prematurate for production use, but I want to encourage people that know about security to test and experiment with us.

> While [hidding](#-your-ssh3-public-server-can-be-hidden) servers behind secret paths has potential benefits, it 

Reviewer: hidding->hiding

does not negate the need for rigorous vulnerability analysis before 

> public launch. We are excited by SSH3's future possibilities but 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
entering production. We are excited by SSH3's future possibilities but 
```
SSH3 is already public per se

Reviewer: I agree with the suggestion

encourage additional scrutiny first.

> ## 🙏 Community support needed

Reviewer: I would just call it `🙏 Community support` which, to me, looks more like classical community-oriented repos
